README.md, before:

# Interesting Colabs

Personal colab collections which I feel interesting and wrap the original project into
easy-to-use colab scripts.

## Image

|        Name          |                      Description                      | Source |
|----------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|--------|
| Informative Drawings | Transform pictures into line-drawing style images.    | [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/BreezeWhite/interesting-colabs/blob/main/scripts/InformativeDrawings.ipynb) / [Github](https://github.com/carolineec/informative-drawings) |
| ArtLine              | Similar to above, but different style.                 | [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/BreezeWhite/interesting-colabs/blob/main/scripts/ArtLine.ipynb) / [Github](https://github.com/vijishmadhavan/ArtLine) |
| Upscale Image        | Increase the resolution of an image.                  | [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/BreezeWhite/interesting-colabs/blob/main/scripts/UpscaleImage.ipynb) / [Github](https://github.com/idealo/image-super-resolution) |
| AnimeGANv2           | Transform pictures into different anime style images. | [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/BreezeWhite/interesting-colabs/blob/main/scripts/AnimeGanV2.ipynb) / [Github](https://github.com/TachibanaYoshino/AnimeGANv2) |
| ArcaneGAN            | Transform pictures into Arcane-like images.           | [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/BreezeWhite/interesting-colabs/blob/main/scripts/ArcaneGAN.ipynb) / [Github](https://github.com/Sxela/ArcaneGAN) |
| JoJoGAN              | Transform photos into various styles.                 | [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/BreezeWhite/interesting-colabs/blob/main/scripts/JoJoGAN.ipynb) / [Github](https://github.com/mchong6/JoJoGAN) |
| AnycostGAN           | Adjust one's face apperance with various properties.  | [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/BreezeWhite/interesting-colabs/blob/main/scripts/AnycostGAN.ipynb) / [Github](https://github.com/mit-han-lab/anycost-gan) |
| NeuralStyleTransfer  | Transfer the style of the original image to target image style. | [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/BreezeWhite/interesting-colabs/blob/main/scripts/NeuralStyleTransfer.ipynb) / [Github](https://github.com/titu1994/Neural-Style-Transfer) |
| Restormer            | Image restoration.                                    | [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/BreezeWhite/interesting-colabs/blob/main/scripts/Restormer.ipynb) / [Github](https://github.com/swz30/Restormer) |
| DualStyleGAN         | Turn image into Pixal, cartoon, and more other styles | [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/BreezeWhite/interesting-colabs/blob/main/scripts/DualStyleGAN.ipynb) / [Github](https://github.com/williamyang1991/DualStyleGAN) |
| Neural Painting      | Paint the image in different painting styles.         | [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/BreezeWhite/interesting-colabs/blob/main/scripts/NeuralPainting.ipynb) / [Github](https://github.com/jiupinjia/stylized-neural-painting) |
| CLIPasso             | Converting an image to a sketch composed with the given number of lines. | [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/BreezeWhite/interesting-colabs/blob/main/scripts/CLIPasso.ipynb) / [Github](https://github.com/yael-vinker/CLIPasso) |

## Music

|        Name          |                      Description                      | Source |
|----------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|--------|
| Danna-Sep            | Separate the given mixed audio into four sub-tracks.  | [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/BreezeWhite/interesting-colabs/blob/main/scripts/DannaSep.ipynb) / [Github](https://github.com/yoyololicon/danna-sep) |
| Demucs           | Separate the given mixed audio into four sub-tracks.  | [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/BreezeWhite/interesting-colabs/blob/main/scripts/Demucs.ipynb) / [Github](https://github.com/facebookresearch/demucs) |

## Text-to-Image

|        Name          |                      Description                                    | Source |
|----------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------|--------|
| Diffusion 12M        | Given any text prompt, the model generates the coressponding image. | [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/BreezeWhite/interesting-colabs/blob/main/scripts/TextToImageDiffusion12M.ipynb) / [Github](https://github.com/crowsonkb/v-diffusion-pytorch) |

## Text-to-Speech

|        Name          |                      Description                     | Source |
|----------------------|------------------------------------------------------|--------|
| CoquiTTS             | Transform the input sentence into speech.            | [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/BreezeWhite/interesting-colabs/blob/main/scripts/CoquiTTS.ipynb) / [Github](https://github.com/coqui-ai/TTS/) |


## Video

|        Name          |                      Description                                 | Source |
|----------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------|--------|
| Make It Talk         | Make the image speak with the given text.                        | [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/BreezeWhite/interesting-colabs/blob/main/scripts/MakeItTalk.ipynb) / [Github](https://github.com/yzhou359/MakeItTalk) |
| LifespanSynthesis    | Synthesis one's face with different ages and render into a video.| [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/BreezeWhite/interesting-colabs/blob/main/scripts/LifespanSynthesis.ipynb) / [Github](https://github.com/royorel/Lifespan_Age_Transformation_Synthesis) |

Commit message:

Add stable diffusion colab script

README.md, after:

# Interesting Colabs

Personal colab collections which I feel interesting and wrap the original project into
easy-to-use colab scripts.

## Image

|        Name          |                      Description                      | Source |
|----------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|--------|
| Informative Drawings | Transform pictures into line-drawing style images.    | [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/BreezeWhite/interesting-colabs/blob/main/scripts/InformativeDrawings.ipynb) / [Github](https://github.com/carolineec/informative-drawings) |
| ArtLine              | Similar to above, but different style.                 | [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/BreezeWhite/interesting-colabs/blob/main/scripts/ArtLine.ipynb) / [Github](https://github.com/vijishmadhavan/ArtLine) |
| Upscale Image        | Increase the resolution of an image.                  | [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/BreezeWhite/interesting-colabs/blob/main/scripts/UpscaleImage.ipynb) / [Github](https://github.com/idealo/image-super-resolution) |
| AnimeGANv2           | Transform pictures into different anime style images. | [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/BreezeWhite/interesting-colabs/blob/main/scripts/AnimeGanV2.ipynb) / [Github](https://github.com/TachibanaYoshino/AnimeGANv2) |
| ArcaneGAN            | Transform pictures into Arcane-like images.           | [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/BreezeWhite/interesting-colabs/blob/main/scripts/ArcaneGAN.ipynb) / [Github](https://github.com/Sxela/ArcaneGAN) |
| JoJoGAN              | Transform photos into various styles.                 | [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/BreezeWhite/interesting-colabs/blob/main/scripts/JoJoGAN.ipynb) / [Github](https://github.com/mchong6/JoJoGAN) |
| AnycostGAN           | Adjust one's face apperance with various properties.  | [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/BreezeWhite/interesting-colabs/blob/main/scripts/AnycostGAN.ipynb) / [Github](https://github.com/mit-han-lab/anycost-gan) |
| NeuralStyleTransfer  | Transfer the style of the original image to target image style. | [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/BreezeWhite/interesting-colabs/blob/main/scripts/NeuralStyleTransfer.ipynb) / [Github](https://github.com/titu1994/Neural-Style-Transfer) |
| Restormer            | Image restoration.                                    | [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/BreezeWhite/interesting-colabs/blob/main/scripts/Restormer.ipynb) / [Github](https://github.com/swz30/Restormer) |
| DualStyleGAN         | Turn image into Pixal, cartoon, and more other styles | [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/BreezeWhite/interesting-colabs/blob/main/scripts/DualStyleGAN.ipynb) / [Github](https://github.com/williamyang1991/DualStyleGAN) |
| Neural Painting      | Paint the image in different painting styles.         | [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/BreezeWhite/interesting-colabs/blob/main/scripts/NeuralPainting.ipynb) / [Github](https://github.com/jiupinjia/stylized-neural-painting) |
| CLIPasso             | Converting an image to a sketch composed with the given number of lines. | [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/BreezeWhite/interesting-colabs/blob/main/scripts/CLIPasso.ipynb) / [Github](https://github.com/yael-vinker/CLIPasso) |

## Music

|        Name          |                      Description                      | Source |
|----------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|--------|
| Danna-Sep            | Separate the given mixed audio into four sub-tracks.  | [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/BreezeWhite/interesting-colabs/blob/main/scripts/DannaSep.ipynb) / [Github](https://github.com/yoyololicon/danna-sep) |
| Demucs           | Separate the given mixed audio into four sub-tracks.  | [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/BreezeWhite/interesting-colabs/blob/main/scripts/Demucs.ipynb) / [Github](https://github.com/facebookresearch/demucs) |

## Text-to-Image

|        Name          |                      Description                                    | Source |
|----------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------|--------|
| Diffusion 12M        | Given any text prompt, the model generates the coressponding image. | [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/BreezeWhite/interesting-colabs/blob/main/scripts/TextToImageDiffusion12M.ipynb) / [Github](https://github.com/crowsonkb/v-diffusion-pytorch) |
| Stable Diffusion     | Text to image model provided by KerasCV.                            | [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/BreezeWhite/interesting-colabs/blob/main/scripts/StableDiffusion.ipynb) / [Source](https://keras.io/guides/keras_cv/generate_images_with_stable_diffusion/) |

## Text-to-Speech

|        Name          |                      Description                     | Source |
|----------------------|------------------------------------------------------|--------|
| CoquiTTS             | Transform the input sentence into speech.            | [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/BreezeWhite/interesting-colabs/blob/main/scripts/CoquiTTS.ipynb) / [Github](https://github.com/coqui-ai/TTS/) |


## Video

|        Name          |                      Description                                 | Source |
|----------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------|--------|
| Make It Talk         | Make the image speak with the given text.                        | [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/BreezeWhite/interesting-colabs/blob/main/scripts/MakeItTalk.ipynb) / [Github](https://github.com/yzhou359/MakeItTalk) |
| LifespanSynthesis    | Synthesis one's face with different ages and render into a video.| [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/BreezeWhite/interesting-colabs/blob/main/scripts/LifespanSynthesis.ipynb) / [Github](https://github.com/royorel/Lifespan_Age_Transformation_Synthesis) |
